thousands of years ago
darkseid and his legions of parademons
attempted to conquer earth using the
mother boxes
the attempt was foiled by a unified
alliance of the olympian gods
amazons atlanteans humans and a green
lantern
after the battle the mother boxes were
separated and hidden in different
locations
in the present superman's death triggers
the mother box's reactivation
attracting steppenwolf one of darkseid's
servants
to earth steppenwolf who has fallen out
of favor with darkseid
aims to regain it by gathering the boxes
to form the unity
which would terraform earth in the
likeness of their world apocalypse
steppenwolf retrieves a mother box from
themyscira
prompting queen hippolyta to warn her
daughter diana prince
who informs bruce wayne wayne and prince
seek to form a team of meta-humans to
protect earth in superman's absence
wayne locates arthur curry and barry
allen
while prince locates victor stone allen
joins instantly
while curry and stone refuse however
stone joins after his father silas and
several other star labs employees are
kidnapped by parademons
seeking the humans motherbox steppenwolf
attacks an atlantean outpost to retrieve
their mother box
forcing curry into action the team
receives intel from commissioner gordon
leading them to steppenwolf's army in an
abandoned facility under gotham harbor
although the group rescues the kidnapped
employees the facility is flooded during
combat which traps the team
until curry helps delay the flood so
they can escape stone retrieves the last
mother box which he had hidden for the
group to analyze
stone reveals that silas used the mother
box to rebuild his body after
a car accident he also reveals that the
mother boxes are change machines
that unfalteringly enforce the will of
their master
destroying or restoring to life without
bias
the group decides to use the mother box
to resurrect superman to help fight
steppenwolf
allen and stone exhume superman's body
and the group places it in the amniotic
fluid of the genesis chamber
in a kryptonian scout ship kept in star
labs
and after alan activates the mother box
an amnesic superman is resurrected
a confused superman attacks the group
after stone accidentally launches an
attack at him
lois lane who has been regularly
visiting superman's memorial
arrives in time to calm superman down
together
they leave for his family home in
smallville where he regains his memories
and reunites with his mother martha
steppenwolf attacks star labs and
retrieves the last mother box
though silas manages to supercharge the
box with laser heat at the cost of his
own life
allowing stone to deduce its location by
tracing the residual heat
without superman the five heroes travel
to where steppenwolf aims to unite the
mother boxes
the team fights their way through the
pair parademons to reach the mother
boxes
but cannot distract steppenwolf enough
for stone to separate the mother boxes
superman arrives and overpowers
steppenwolf but the boxes merge to form
the unity
causing a massive explosion allen enters
the speed force
and reverses time allowing superman and
stone
to separate the mother boxes curry stabs
steppenwolf
and prince decapitates him throwing his
body through a portal
to apocalypse darkseid assures his
servants he will return to earth to
complete his quest for the anti-life
equation
after the battle wayne prince and alfred
pennyworth
agreed to set up a base of operations at
the former wayne manor
with room for more members as the team
forms
prince receives another message from the
amazons allen acquires a job
in central city's police department
which impresses his father henry
stone is inspired by a message from his
father to use his abilities for good
curry bids farewell tamara and his
mentor vulco
as he goes to see his father and
superman resumes his life as reporter
clark kent
and as protector of earth lex luthor who
escaped from arkham asylum
is visited by slade wilson to whom
luther reveals batman's secret identity
after having a dream involving stone
allen
mara wilson the joker and an evil
superman in a post-apocalyptic world
wayne receives a visit from the martian
manhunter who previously visited lois
lane disguised as martha he thanks wayne
for assembling the team
before saying they will be in contact in
preparation for darkseid's next plans